README.md, before:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

<!-- ```{r, include = FALSE} -->

<!-- library(here) -->

<!-- # GitHub pages -->

<!-- file.create("docs/.nojekyll", showWarnings = FALSE) -->

<!-- ``` -->

<!-- badges: start -->

<img src="man/figures/margot.png" width = 600 alt="Margot package logo showing the package name">

<!-- badges: end -->

<!-- badges: end -->

# margot

> **⚠️ IMPORTANT**: The margot package is undergoing refactoring as we
> transition to the **margotverse** suite of packages. The package will
> be split into focuse. Please expect breaking changes in upcoming
> releases.

**MARG**inal **O**bservational **T**reatment-effects.[^1]

Causal inference requires **balance** across the treatments to be
compared. In observational studies, such balance is not guaranteed;
quantifying causality therefore requires careful, multi-step workflows.

The goal of `margot` is to enhance understanding of causality in
observational research.

The package offers functions for:

- evaluating causal assumptions
- modelling time-series data
- reporting results
- performing sensitivity analyses

`margot` streamlines the estimation of (Marginal) Average Treatment
Effects (ATT, ATE), but it also supports workflows for Heterogeneous
Treatment Effects (CATE) (estimated via `grf`), as well as Longitudinal
Modified Treatment Policies (estimated via `lmtp`). It has extensive
graphical and reporting functions to ease burdens for understanding.

[^1]: The logo is a *Single World Intervention Template* (SWIT). We use
    a SWIT to generate *Single World Intervention Graphs* (SWIGs) –
    causal diagrams for which identification assumptions can be read
    separately for each treatment (regime) to be compared. The name
    `margot` reflects the contents and aims of this package; it is also
    the name of my daughter, Margot.

Commit message:

improved margot_plot_lmtp_overlap_grid()

README.md, after:


<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

<!-- ```{r, include = FALSE} -->

<!-- library(here) -->

<!-- # GitHub pages -->

<!-- file.create("docs/.nojekyll", showWarnings = FALSE) -->

<!-- ``` -->

<!-- badges: start -->

<img src="man/figures/margot.png" width = 600 alt="Margot package logo showing the package name">

<!-- badges: end -->

<!-- badges: end -->

# margot

> **⚠️ IMPORTANT**: The margot package is undergoing refactoring as we
> transition to the **margotverse** suite of packages. The package will
> be split into focuse. Please expect breaking changes in upcoming
> releases.

**MARG**inal **O**bservational **T**reatment-effects.[^1]

Causal inference requires **balance** across the treatments to be
compared. In observational studies, such balance is not guaranteed;
quantifying causality therefore requires careful, multi-step workflows.

The goal of `margot` is to enhance understanding of causality in
observational research.

The package offers functions for:

- evaluating causal assumptions
- modelling time-series data
- reporting results
- performing sensitivity analyses

`margot` streamlines the estimation of (Marginal) Average Treatment
Effects (ATT, ATE), but it also supports workflows for Heterogeneous
Treatment Effects (CATE) (estimated via `grf`), as well as Longitudinal
Modified Treatment Policies (estimated via `lmtp`). It has extensive
graphical and reporting functions to ease burdens for understanding.

## LMTP positivity diagnostics

For longitudinal overlap checks, `margot_plot_lmtp_overlap_grid()` now:

- Automatically arranges panels by **shifts × waves** and respects the
  shift order you request.
- Uses the expanded “lab” palette (grey `null`, blue `shift_zero`,
  distinct oranges for IPSI shifts) so panels stay visually consistent
  across waves.
- Applies sensible defaults for headroom and axis harmonisation—no need
  to hand-tune `layout`, `ymax_harmonize`, or `xlim_harmonize`.
- Treats the legacy `layout` argument as deprecated: it always reverts
  to the stable shifts-by-waves layout (with a CLI note if a different
  value is supplied).

Pair these plots with `margot_interpret_lmtp_positivity()` for per-wave
ESS and tail diagnostics computed on uncensored weights.

[^1]: The logo is a *Single World Intervention Template* (SWIT). We use
    a SWIT to generate *Single World Intervention Graphs* (SWIGs) –
    causal diagrams for which identification assumptions can be read
    separately for each treatment (regime) to be compared. The name
    `margot` reflects the contents and aims of this package; it is also
    the name of my daughter, Margot.
