# Create Combined Tables for Subset Condition Using GRF Models

This function calculates new evaluation tables for specified outcome
variables using a subset condition, and combines them into a single data
frame. It uses the models generated by \`margot_run_models_grf\` to
create these tables.

## Usage

``` r
margot_subset_table_grf(
  model_results,
  outcome_vars = NULL,
  subset_condition = NULL,
  scale = "RD"
)
```

## Arguments

- model_results:

  A list of model results from \`margot_run_models_grf\`.

- outcome_vars:

  Optional. A character vector of outcome variable names. If NULL, the
  function will attempt to use the outcome_vars from the model_results
  input.

- subset_condition:

  A logical vector indicating the subset of data to use. Default is
  NULL.

- scale:

  A character string indicating the scale to use in
  \`margot_model_evalue\`. Default is "RD".

## Value

A data frame combining all custom evaluation tables for the specified
subset condition.

## Details

The function uses \`margot_model_evalue\` to calculate evaluation
metrics for each model in the subset of data specified by
\`subset_condition\`. If outcome_vars is not provided, it will attempt
to use the outcome_vars from the model_results input (assuming it's the
output from margot_run_models_grf). If neither is available, it will use
all models in the input.

## Note

Ensure that the \`model_results\` list contains results for all
specified \`outcome_vars\`, otherwise some outcomes may be omitted from
the final table.

## See also

`margot_run_models_grf` for generating the initial models.

## Examples

``` r
if (FALSE) {
# Assuming result_psychological_well_being is your results object from margot_run_models_grf
subset_condition <- X[, "t0_self_esteem_z"] < 1
combined_table_subset <- margot_subset_table_grf(
  model_results = result_psychological_well_being,
  outcome_vars = NULL,
  subset_condition = subset_condition,
  scale = "RD"
)
print(combined_table_subset)
}
```
